# Overview
The setting for this lab is an investigation of Beverly Gates, a Senior HR Manager whose company leadership has suspensions she is involved in a drug trafficking operation. I am in the role of a digital forensics specialist with the local police department. My challenge is to review the seized hard drive image and use forensics tools to investigate and document evidence. I use forensic tools to investigate the hard drive image, FTK imager, Paraben's Electronic Evidence Examiner (E3), and Autopsy. While using each application, I created a hash file. The purpose of the hash files is to meet the Daubert Standard, which is the legal standard that trial judges use to assess whetjer a forensic expert's testimony is based on reason and is scientifically valid.
## Challenge
To review a search warrant and complete a chain of custody form. The form required me to show who would be responsible for the evidence and how it would be protected
## Methods
* (Section 1 Part 2) I used the software FTK Imager to extract evidence from the seized drive in a method that meets the Daubert standard. In the windows NTFS file system, deleted files are retained in the unallocated space on the hard drive. This is a very evidence-rich area to find evidence. I used the FTK imager to review deleted emails and other documents and save supicious documents as evidence. I created hashtags from the suspicious documents. Another important forensic file location investigated was the recycle bin.
* (Section 1 Part 3) I used Paraben's Electronic Evidence Examiner (E3) to verify the MD5 hashes generated by FTK imager.
* (Section 2) I explored the suspect's drive image to locate additional evidence. I used Autopsy, another popular digital forensics tool, to validate the hash code created during the preliminary investigation. To begin, I created a hash file from a suspicious email file. I then altered the email by removing the body and creating another hash file, then compared the hash files that were different. This procedure was done to demonstrate the efficacy of the FTK Imager.
* (Section 2 Part 2) I used Autopsy to validate the hash code for the suspicious email file I extracted from the suspect's drive image in Part 1. Autopsy is another popular digital forensics tool that is a simplified graphical form of Sleuth Kit used to extract and analyze data from Windows or UNIX systems.  Next, I Used E3 to generate a hash file from the same email. All three applications FTK Imager, E3, and Autopsy, had the same hashtag value. This helps to established efficacy across the different applications.
## Summary
I had three important concepts I learned in this lab. I found it interesting that deleted files can still be found in the unallocated hard drive space in Windows and can be recovered by digital forensics tools. I also learned that items in the recycle bin are assigned a random name with one file beginning with a $l that contains the original location of the file and a second file with the same random name with a $R that is the actual deleted file. Both the deleted files and files in the recycle bin are often rich with evidence. Importantly, I also learned about how to create hash files and their purpose ro demonstrate the efficacy of the tools and to show that the evidence has not been altered.

[1_Applying_the_Daubert_Standard_to_Forensic_Evidence_4e_-_Ren_Vardas.docx](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/26129031/1_Applying_the_Daubert_Standard_to_Forensic_Evidence_4e_-_Ren_Vardas.docx)
