# Overview
In this lab, I will assume the role of a digital forensics specialist working with the Madison Police Department. Detectives have recently retrieved two smartphones (IOS and Android) that belong to the suspects in an organized car theft operation. The suspects refer to themselves using the codename Bonnie and Clyde. I have been tasked with identifying evidence related to the car thefts from the confiscated smartphones.
## Methods
* (Section 1 Part 1)  I will analyze evidence acquired from the seized Iphone. In E3, mobile evidence is acquired through the use of development debugging calls from the E3 software to the mobile device. Drivers must be loaded for the operating system running E3 to be able to under stant the device and the debugging calls that are used to create the connection. Once the connection is made, E3 will determine what level of data transfer should occur, based on the acquisition options.
* (Section 1 Part 2)  I will compare the same IOS data case I reviewed in Part 1 with the second IOS data case that was generated from the same device one day later. Rather than manually comparing the data from the two cases, I will use E3's Mobile Evidence Comparer. Mobile Evidence Comparer can be used to quickly determine if a mobile device has been compromised or has been used improperly.
* (Section 2 Part 1) I will need to analyze the data on the Android Phone that was also seized from the suspects. The first step, I will focus my investigation on the users data, including contacts and browsing history.
* (Section 2 Part 2) I will analyze the User Activity Timeline for this period and attempt to identify additional supporting evidence to guide my investigation further.
* (Section 3 Part 1) I have generated formal investigative reports that documented the evidence that I have located in both the Iphone and Android. For this I had to prepare a brief summary of the appropriate structure and the best practices for preparing a digital forensics report.
## Summary 
For this lab I had three important concepts to learn. I had to create a new case using E3 cases for the Iphone acquisition. From this I learned how to used the Mobile Evidence Comparer for the same phone a day later. I also had to do the same thing for an Android phones. The last concepts was to create a research report for digital forensics.

[3_Conducting_Forensic_Investigations_on_Mobile_Devices_4e_-_Ren_Vardas.pdf.docx](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/26168989/3_Conducting_Forensic_Investigations_on_Mobile_Devices_4e_-_Ren_Vardas.pdf.docx)
